All right, we are back. In this lecture, we're talking
about two concepts for understanding and better
conceptualizing what it is you are
solving for your potential customers.
The first is called frequency and
the second is called depth.
Now, hopefully, we have three pain points
listed out from the last lecture.
If you don't have that, please go back and redo the last
lecture, and oh, try a little bit harder, why don't you?
Even the dullest, shrivelest fruit of an idea
can still get some magic juice out of it
if you squeeze hard enough. Yes, it can be moldy, infested,
growing legs shaped like that alien face in The Scream,
and you can still, with enough effort,
get something out of it.
This lecture, by the way, brought to you by Tropicana
orange juice. Mmm, oranges, the only fruit with
the nutritional value of a Snickers bar.
Now, what I want you to do is take each of these
three and rate them based on the two dimensions of
frequency and depth. Frequency just means, how
often does my target customer have this problem?
Is it once a day, once a week, or once every five years?
The pain of budgeting your finances is probably
a daily or weekly pain, whereas the pain of moving apartments probably only happens every once,
I don't know, four or five years.
Now, the pain of choosing college
happens once or twice in your lifetime.
So write down what you think the frequency is
for your specific group, not people in general,
your group, your peoples.
And then the next concept is depth, as in,
when your user has this pain or problem,
how big of a deal is it?
Is it a nuisance or something that
seriously disrupts their day?
Not being able to keep track of your subscriptions,
probably not a huge pain, whereas let's say you have
super AIDS or bacterial meningitis,
then, well, probably a deep pain.
Now, why do we do this exactly?
Because when we go out there and start reaching out
to our target customers, we need to know both number
one, which pain point is the best to target and highlight,
and number two, we can then align our message
with the way they feel about their problem.
Writing a headline that says, "Don't you just hate it
when you stay up all night because you keep having
to decide where you're going to college?"
doesn't particularly make any sense. If your pitch
doesn't make sense, then people aren't going to respond
to it, unless of course you are pitching the producers
of Shark Tank, where they are almost always on
the hunt for the William Hung of
entrepreneurial elevator pitches.
How do we use this information to
determine which is the best to go with?
Well, you might just assume the one with the higher
frequency and higher depth is better, and that is
true, but there's more nuance to it. Is medium depth
and medium frequency, for instance, worse than, say,
huge depth, but no frequency?
You're better off selling baby food than,
say, a baby name generator.
No, actually, in this theoretical
circumstance, it is actually better.
You generally want to look for something that is strong in
one of the categories and then at least average in the other.
Also, generally speaking, problems that are felt strongly
generally trump frequent nagging problems.
Of course, you can build a billion dollar business off
of both, but one is generally going to be a more
ripe target for when you start
reaching out to your customers.
All right, so take a second and think through
the pains you are hitting on with your product.
Order them appropriately, and consider this your weaponized
toolbox, because we're going to use your problems
against you.
Anyway, moving on.